# Overview
To begin we created a interactive website to show data for UFO sightings in a clear and readable table. The website is designed to gather like-minded people in the pursuit to discover extraterestrial life. Originally the table was able to be filtered by date but then we wanted to add more filters. After the website was completed we reutrned to our code and added more filters to filter for city, state, country, and shape. 
## Results
Before use the data table will appear with all 5 filters and all of the table data shown at the same time. Once you type in the specific filter the table will begin to remove the data that is no longer applicable with the new filters. As you add more and more parameters by entering another filter the results will shrink more. An example of this can be found in the repository under filteredResults.png.
### Drawbacks
The main drawback of these new filters is that you need to know which information you are looking for. Otherwise you will be searching through all the data to find something that will match your own search criteria. Additionally, the filters are case sensitive and the date filter requires the full year typed out for it to operate correctly. One way to imporve the filtering by date is to include a parameter that would allow only to filter by month. For example, if you typed in 07/1996 it would show all results for July of 1996. Another recommendation is to remove the case sensitivity from the filters to ensure that no matter how you type the search parameter you will get a result as long as the sata is available.   